God...
Toni Bevell, Men of Letters,
London Chapterhouse.
They sent me to take you in.
- Put the gun down.
- Stop.
You and I both know
you're not gonna pull the trigger.
AMARA: You gave me
what I needed most.
I wanna do the same for you.
Mom?
I, uh...
Are you...
Really real?
Where am I? Who the hell are you?
I'm Dean... Winchester.
I'm your son.
No, my Dean is four years old.
I was when you died.
Sammy? Sammy.
Mom?
Listen to me. Your name, your name
is Mary Sandra Campbell, okay?
You were born December 5th, 1954
to Samuel and Deanna Campbell.
Your father,
he bounced around a lot for work,
and you bounced right along with him,
and you ended up in Lawrence, Kansas.
How do you know all that?
Dad told me.
March 23rd, 1972,
you walked out of a movie theater.
Slaughterhouse-Five. You loved it,
and you bumped into a big Marine.
You knocked him flat on his ass.
You were embarrassed,
and he laughed it off.
Said you could make it up to him
with a cup of coffee.
So you went to, uh, Mulroney's,
and you talked,
and he was cute, and he knew the words
to every Zeppelin song.
So when he asked you for your number,
you gave it to him
even though you knew
your dad would be pissed.
That was the night that, that you met...
John Winchester.
August 19th, 1975,
you were married in Reno,
your idea.
A few years later I came along,
then Sammy...
And then I burned.
How long have I been gone?
Thirty-three years.
Dean.
Hi, Mom.
Holy mother...
Where am I?
Uh... Earth?
No...
How far am I from Lebanon, Kansas?
Uh...
Three hours, maybe.
Who... Wait, wait, wait.
Who, what are you, man?
MARY: HOW did he die?
DEAN: He gave himself up for me.
That sounds like John.
And he was a Hunter?
And he raised you and Sam to...
Yeah, he did.
And you said we've met before,
when you traveled through time?
Twice.
Your memory got wiped. So...
And I saw you when I was a ghost.
Which I don't remember either.
And God's sister brought me back to life?
Pretty much.
It's a lot.
And I know it's a lot.
And I'll explain everything. I will.
But right now, let's get out of here.
Let's get you home.
Come on, Mom.
- Doctor Gregory Marion?
- Uh-huh.
I need your help.
- It's 6:00 a.m.
- It's an emergency.
Lady, hold up.
You have a clinic
at the back of your house.
I trust it's fully stocked?
Lady, lady, seriously.
Unless your puggle got hit
by a car or something?
- It can wait.
- It really can't.
He was shot in the leg.
A single, .38 caliber bullet.
I need the round dug out,
the wound sutured,
and some anesthesia, to go.
No. No way.
I'm a veterinarian.
Animals, people, they're all meat.
But, I understand
this is an unusual request,
and I want to do everything I can
to ease your concerns.
Yeah, you know, not happening.
Mmm-mmm.
Hear me out.
This is stupid.
You think this is stupid, right?
I think when Lucifer, Prince of Darkness,
King of Hell,
asks you to do something? You do it.
- Whatever.
- "Whatever?"
What, are you a 14-year-old girl now?
I mean, not right now.
I possessed one once,
but it didn't work out.
Lot of feelings, and urges,
and ugly, snot-crying
about how Julie's with Craig Castle now
even though he's total bae,
but she's, like, a busted bitch on ice.
- Hormones, dude.
- Whatever.
Let's clean this up,
then we go meet the Man.
TONI: I know darling,
but Mummy will be home soon.
I miss you too. I love you so, so much.
Be a good boy.
You.
Now, Sam...
Let's begin.
SAM: Toni Bevell.
London Chapterhouse.
That's right.
So you're what?
You're English Men of Letters?
British.
Where are we?
Does it matter?
Just wondering how far I'mma have to walk
back to town after I kill you.
And her.
But you first.
Yes, well, before you murder us all,
we do have a few questions.
About you, your brother,
Hunters in America,
and how you saved the sun.
Right, you shoot me, kidnap me,
but, yeah, happy to help.
I didn't want to hurt you, Sam,
you gave me no choice.
And... Well, I could say
it was never supposed to go this way,
but you're you.
It was always going to go this way.
And you know me?
We do. We've been watching you,
and your brother, for years.
Ever since you almost ended the world
the first time.
We knew all about Lucifer,
the angels falling...
Then where were you?
Fair question.
See, some of us wanted to get involved,
but the old men wouldn't allow it.
Thought we were overstepping our bounds.
After all this business with The Darkness,
even they have to agree,
things need to change.
And while you might not believe this, Sam,
we're here to help.
Yeah, no, I can tell.
I won't apologize for locking you up.
You're dangerous, to others, and yourself.
But, if you answer my questions,
you'll walk right out that door.
I promise.
- Pass.
- Sam...
You can ask me
any kind of question you want,
but the answer's gonna be
the exact same, "Screw you."
You wanna get mad?
You wanna get mean?
I've been tortured by the Devil himself.
So, you?
You're just an accent in a pantsuit.
What can you do to me?
A cold shower? That's your play?
Screw you.
You live here?
Yeah, when we're not on the road.
It's an old Men of Letters bunker.
- "Men of Letters?"
- Yeah.
They're a myth. An old Hunter's story.
DEAN: Not so much.
New duds look good.
Well, thanks. It's better
than walking around in that nightgown.
Rest...
That's blood.
Yeah.
Sammy?
Cass?
Take this.
Stay here.
Dean?
Sammy?
Hands in the air, get on your knees.
Who are you? And where is Sam?
Hands. Now.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
It's okay. It's okay.
He's a friend. All right?
- Hey, Cass.
- Dean.
Hey, okay. All right.
Dean, you're alive?
Yeah.
What about the bomb and The Darkness?
What happened?
I'll tell you everything.
Where is Sam?
He's not here?
Are you a Hunter?
- No, I'm an angel.
- He's an angel.
- Come again?
- An angel.
With a capital A.
You know, wings. Harp...
No, I don't have a harp.
This is Castiel.
Cass, this is Mary
Winchester.
Your mother.
Yeah. So, wait. Where, where is Sam?
He's not answering his phone,
there's blood on the floor,
- what's going on?
- I don't know.
We came back here,
there was a woman waiting for us.
She blasted me away.
I don't know who she was,
I don't know what happened to Sam.
I don't understand. What happened?
Okay, well, the bunker's empty,
so, they've obviously left here.
You said "woman," not an angel,
not a demon, a human.
She was human.
When did this go down?
It was 2:12 a.m.
Is that a computer?
Yes. I don't trust them.
Got somethin'.
An SUV ran a red light
a few blocks from here at 2:21 a.m.
Then there wasn't another car
for 40 minutes.
How did you do that?
I hacked the traffic cams.
Welcome to the future.
You think it's them?
It's worth a shot.
Mom?
Oh...
This was John's car.
Oh, she's still beautiful.
Hell yeah, she is.
Hi, sweetheart.
Remember me?
Oh...
We should go.
Can we end this, Sam? Please?
Screw. You.
What do you imagine is happening here?
Do you think you're being brave?
That you're the hero of this story?
Well, you're no hero,
Sam, you're just bad at your job.
Yeah, and you're better?
So much better.
You drive backroads,
catching cases at random.
You get word a body's dropped,
you check it out,
and maybe you even kill the thing
that did it.
But that person is still dead,
and maybe a few more.
But my people? We plan ahead.
We study lore,
and we use it against our enemies.
Back home, every thoroughfare,
every bridge, every dock,
every airport has been warded.
The moment
a monster steps foot in Britain,
we know about it.
Within 20 minutes, he's been picked up.
And within 40, he's dead.
There hasn't been a monster-related death
in Britain since 1965.
Because we are good at our job.
I know you were always a lost cause, Sam,
but I'm hoping there are other Hunters
we can work with.
Teach.
So... I need you to give me names.
And locations and everything else.
Dead drops, meeting places,
an organizational hierarchy.
Because, maybe,
with all of us working together,
we can do what you never could.
Make America safe.
Or maybe you tie 'em to a chair.
Maybe you do worse.
So maybe...
Maybe you can go to Hell.
Hmm.
Have it your way.
Are you really gonna make me do this?
Screw you.
No. No. Don't...
Don't...
So, so gross.
I thought he was supposed to meet us.
What? Yes.
No. I... Of course, my liege.
We... We're here, but, but where's...
What's he saying?
He won't tell me where he is.
He thinks we're being followed.
Come on, there's no way
we're being followed.
Hello, boys.
Lucifer, uh, I have to go.
Still betting that horse, are we?
Yeah, 'cause we're not stupid.
Keep telling yourself that, dear.
That dustup with the Darkness must have
really taken it out of the old boy.
That's why he's jumping
from vessel to vessel to vessel.
It's why Lucifer's running,
because he's weak.
So? He'll get stronger.
Lucifer will lead us to glory.
As long as he's out there,
Hell will never follow you.
Well, like they say, duh.
But, when I kill the Devil...
You're his dog.
Even powered down,
he could kick your Posh Spice ass.
Who's laughing now?
Hmm.
Eeny,
meeny,
miny,
moe.
CASTIEL: Jamie Ross?
Who's asking?
The blonde woman that you drove yesterday,
what was her name?
"Blonde?" Sorry, mate.
You got the wrong...
Cass.
That's an angel?
Blonde. Name. Now.
I don't know her name.
What do you know?
MS. WATT: No one can take
that much pain and not break.
No one.
What are you saying?
I...
Ma'am, if you want him dead,
then I'll slit his throat right now.
But if you want to take this
to the next level,
you need to make the call.
Bring in Mr. Ketch.
I don't want that psychopath
anywhere near me.
So...
TONI: So,
we stop trying to break his body.
We break his mind.
Thank you.
This must be difficult for you.
I remember my first moments on Earth.
It was jarring.
One word for it.
I grew up with Hunters.
I've heard of people
coming back from the dead before.
But actually do it, after 30 years?
A lot's changed.
A lot.
- You find anything?
- Yeah,
I ran the tail number
that what's-his-face gave us.
The plane that Evil Elsa flew in on
has diplomatic registry.
- Which means?
- Which means its flight plans are sealed,
unless you wanna hack
the State Department.
Who are these people?
Dean.
Dr. Marion. How 'bout you let us in?
So you dug the bullet out of his leg,
no questions asked?
She offered me 100 grand.
And you took it?
Student loans are a bitch. Okay?
Come on, Cass. Cass, Cass.
Don't hurt him. Not yet.
All right, look,
she didn't give me her name.
When we were done,
the driver bailed, I got paid,
and then some other chick shows up
and they all drive away.
And that's everything you know?
Yeah.
Totally.
Hurt him.
I have her phone number. Okay?
Okay, look, look, look.
I don't know where they are
but she called me a couple hours ago,
a few hours ago, asking about
the sedative I gave the guy.
So, I've got her phone number.
- I don't think it's working.
- Wait.
Soon, he'll be begging
to answer our questions.
Anything to make it stop.
Dr. Marion?
Yeah, I'm just calling, you know,
to check on the patient.
Is everything all right, Doctor?
Yep, yep, sure. Definitely.
I'm hanging up now.
No, wait...
Listen, bitch, I don't care who you are,
I don't care what you want,
you have my brother.
Dean Winchester,
- I heard you were dead.
- Well, you heard wrong.
I'm gonna give you one chance,
just one, to hand Sam back...
Sorry. Not possible.
Oh, you think you can run from me?
Try it.
Because when I find you,
and I will find you,
if he is not in one piece.
I will take you apart.
You understand me?
We have a problem.
Let me out!
No!
Now what?
Well, we got her number.
Let's head back to the bunker
and we'll put a trace on it.
Mom?
She's unconscious,
but there's no serious damage.
All right, help her.
Dean Winchester, I presume.
No!
Jessica.
You should be more careful
with your location services on your phone.
Are you one of 'em?
I'm one of them.
Yeah.
You tell me where my brother is
and I might take it easy on you.
No, please don't.
MS. WATT: Looking for this?
So, round two? Anyone?
DEAN:
Dead, dead, I'm dead because of you!
This is all your fault!
This is your fault!
- Dean?
- We're all dead because of you.
We're all dead because of you, Sam.
DEAN: It should have been you.
It should have been you.
You're the freak. You are the freak.
You're the freak.
It's your fault.
You're right.
You know, I would have thought
for two strapping lads,
like yourselves,
you would have lasted a tad longer.
But, you know what they say.
Good things come to those...
Thanks, Mom.
DEAN: Your fault! It's your fault.
You must die! It's your fault.
It is your fault. Just die!
DEAN: It's your fault!
It's all your fault. Just die.
Why won't you die, Sam,
why won't you die?
It's your fault.
No.
Maybe you're not
as good at your job as you think.
No! No!
No!
Found her cell phone in the car.
Last phone call was made
from an Aldrich, Missouri.
We're guessing
Sam's probably around there.
Good. That's great.
You Okay?
No.
I'm sorry, I just...
I spent my life running from this,
from Hunting,
and I got out.
I never wanted this for you and Sam.
Mom, I get it. I do.
If I had kids,
I wouldn't want them in this.
But Sam and me?
Saving people and hunting things,
this is our life.
I think we make the world a better place.
I know that we do.
Witnesses say he was sweating
and pale and psycho.
He said his name was freakin' Lucifer.